# Omni Recruiter - Your Super Powered AI Recruitment Assistant
Omni Recruiter is an End2End recruitment assistant that can parse resumes on Google Drive, do a LinkedIn Analaysis on each candidate, including posts, likes, and profile. 

It can also then perform autonmous AI phone calls to the candidate for a pre-screening interview questions. After that, it can also perform a summary analysis on the call that just happened. 

Then, Omni recruiter can create a GitHub repo automously and send an email to the candidate for the next round of the interview (project based interview)

It also has access to the web using the Brave MCP.

All in all, it contains 7 Custom MCPs and 2 open source MCPs.

# Custom MCPs
I have designed 7 Custom MCPs that the model can use to streamline recruitment tasks. 

## get_resume_info 
This MCP takes a google drive link as input, downloads all resumes inside the google drive link. 
Then the pdf files are read by the state of the art document reader, currently the best in the market:
Mistrial OCR. 

The markdown formatted text (Perfect for LLMs) are then passed to the Illegal Agent. 

## get_linkedin_profile 
This MCP takes user's linkedin username as input and reads his/her profile using the Rapid API. After that, the data is fed into an LLM (gpt-4o) which summarizes the information and then passes it back to the Illegal Agent.

## get_profile_posts
This MCP takes user's linkedin username as input and reads his/her latest posts on LinkedIn using the Rapid API. After that, the data is fed into an LLM (gpt-4o) which summarizes the information and then passes it back to the Illegal Agent.

## get_profile_reactions
This MCP takes user's linkedin username as input and reads the likes the user has done on LinkedIn. After that the data is trimmed to only contain text from the latest 5 posts reacted to, otherwise the model was running our of tokens (Avg response from Rapid API was 156k tokens). When the information is trimmed, its passed back to the Illegal Agent. 

## send_email_to_recipient
Thsi MCP takes the user's email, subject line and body of the email and sends it directly via chatting with the Illegal Agent. 

## perform_pre_screening_interview
This MCP takes the user's phone number and does an Automous AI Cellphone call on the user. The AI calls the candidate and asks him/her a series of pre-screening interview questions. It returns a call id on the Illegal Agents chat, that can be used later for analysis purposes. 

This is done through Vapi.ai and Twillio

## get_call_summary
This MCP takes the call id generated by the MCP earlier and performs a summary analysis on the call transcript and gives that back to the illegal Agent. 

## How to run Custom MCPs?
uvicorn app:app --reload

 npx -y supergateway --stdio "mcp-proxy http://0.0.0.0:8000/mcp" --port 8001 --baseUrl http://localhost:8000 --ssePath /sse --messagePath /message --cors

# Open Source MCPs 
I have implemented 2 Open Source MCPs that give the Illegal Agent to browse the web, and use GitHub Autonmously. 

## Brave MCP
This MCP allows the Illegal Agent to access the web via the Brave Browser, and returns links and sources to information that LLMs dont have due to cutoff dates. 

Run it by: 
npx -y supergateway --stdio "npx -y @modelcontextprotocol/server-brave-search" --port 8002 --baseUrl http://localhost:8001 --ssePath /sse --messagePath /message --cors

## GitHub MCP
This allows the Illegal Agent to peform autonmous tasks on GitHub via chat, for example creating a repository, committing to a repo, etc. 

Run it by:
 GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN="PAT" npx -y supergateway --stdio "npx -y @modelcontextprotocol/server-github" --port 8003 --baseUrl http://localhost:8003 --ssePath /sse --messagePath /message --cors
